src/Article/Body.elm:3:7:forbidden import Html
src/Article/Feed.elm:9:7:forbidden import Html
src/Article.elm:20:7:forbidden import Html
src/Asset.elm:10:7:forbidden import Html
src/Author.elm:36:7:forbidden import Html
src/Avatar.elm:4:7:forbidden import Html
src/Loading.elm:7:7:forbidden import Html
src/Main.elm:8:7:forbidden import Html
src/Page/Article/Editor.elm:9:7:forbidden import Html
src/Page/Article.elm:16:7:forbidden import Html
src/Page/Blank.elm:3:7:forbidden import Html
src/Page/Home.elm:12:7:forbidden import Html
src/Page/Login.elm:8:7:forbidden import Html
src/Page/NotFound.elm:4:7:forbidden import Html
src/Page/Profile.elm:12:7:forbidden import Html
src/Page/Register.elm:5:7:forbidden import Html
src/Page/Settings.elm:8:7:forbidden import Html
src/Page.elm:6:7:forbidden import Html
src/PaginatedList.elm:3:7:forbidden import Html
src/Route.elm:5:7:forbidden import Html
src/Timestamp.elm:3:7:forbidden import Html
src/Username.elm:3:7:forbidden import Html

If these are too much to handle right now (or you intended to import a forbidden
module), please run me with the `update` command!
